The girl is going to make a video for you.
What 's in my barbie house?
she has 123 as some rooms so
So let's start with the room that is
My doll that in my play is me
the house is being a line what I
tava we jokingly say
so this is my doll, but the
her bedroom is not this year she 's in
bedroom and radio
however have a think that I like
his and hers wardrobe inside the
But I have a wardrobe, too.
is not to stay here and inside boots
sheet for the dolls when going to sleep
here trying to have a business of
woman when she sings in the
low and the button inside the princess
in a and strawberry friend here business
back on hair that I did for
doll you want me to make a
video here the bed with pillow and a
pet and the floor here in her room
I have a baby of hers in the vision that is a
picture frame is a picture frame
bar business here and here is a cloth
for her here
iac has some food that nothing
pathak that was joking I forgot
here is the bed and the cushion
doll inside the wardrobe of the
out of place inside the outfit
there is nothing has the letter that is of a tea
do not want to drink and here it is
A kid here in the room has this bar.
blessing work all cases clothing
Different, I did and I'm going to have this
music television high and
with these two chairs as fairies
I 'm here, there's time for a picture.
You can open it if I'm open.
Also here in the kitchen here in the kitchen.
Have the food I made here has a
day because the food is all here
in the stove also opens here also has no
Nothing in the glasses is not here that
everything is there and there are some
three here because it broke some like
ideas that the table with a bench a
chair and another shoe- ready chair
What's the kitchen, I'm going to kill you now?
another room that downstairs it's here in
Under a kick for her not to sleep in the
floor and two dolls that sleep here
are the pillow and here is the thing
that box
they stay in here and here's a
stool to reach the sit and here
Where did you stay here?
I keep my clothes when some dolls came
To visit home, sleep there.
up here to show you
They're listening to fireworks, sorry.
People are also when I play here, it's what
have a skirt that came out
You have to put here I put it that has a
barbie work on the sofa chair wants
have with closet
here are three thousand and five hundred two
words do not know why here has a
Pipeline Makeup Brushes in One
mirror three notebooks I made one
means and arrangement sits on my bed
So many people and it's a door book.
jewelry wardrobe I pretend he's from
shoe a shoemaker has an actor who has
and one outfit and a mirror in the two
size that have a bathroom
then so will the Brazil voted in
mouth right
so this is how I hope you have
liked in the video a kiss and until the
next video